# Minutes of Meeting

## Guide

* ***Tasks*** (T) have an owner and a deadline.
* ***Decisions*** (D) made by Client, teaching assistant or team members.
* ***Information*** (I) all other discussion of interest.

#

### *Date :* March 11 <sup>th</sup> 2020, Wednesday
### *Time :* 17:00
### *Topic :* Progress update
### *Attendees:* 
* ### TA- Yashaswi Pathak
* ### Fanish Jain
* ### Jyoti Sunkara
* ### Pranav Tadimeti
* ### Sartak Periwal
* ### Swastik Murawat	


Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
D | Discussion regarding hobolink graphs  | - | -
D | Discussion regarding UI change to material UI and integration of new template  | - | -



## Discussion

The team briefed the TA on the implementation of new features as requested by the client and about further ideas to implement.


## Suggested analysis:
-
