# Minutes of Meeting

## Guide

* ***Tasks*** (T) have an owner and a deadline.
* ***Decisions*** (D) made by Client, teaching assistant or team members.
* ***Information*** (I) all other discussion of interest.

#

### *Date :* January 13<sup>th</sup> 2020, Monday
### *Time :* 09:00
### *Topic :* First Client Meet
### *Attendees:* 
* ### Professor Vishal Garg
* ### Fanish Jain
* ### Jyoti Sunkara
* ### Pranav Tadimeti
* ### Sartak Periwal
* ### Swastik Murawat


Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
D | Date of next meet was set to be January 17<sup>th</sup> 2020, Friday | - | -
T | Read thesis, by Manasa Lingamallu  | Full team | 18<sup>th</sup> January 2020, Saturday
T | Create a formal SRS document.   | Jyoti Sunkara, Swastik Murawat | 18<sup>th</sup> January 2020, Saturday
T | Contact Manasa Lingamallu for the screens/algorithms and tecnology required to obtain data. | Jyoti Sunkara  | 18<sup>th</sup> January 2020, Saturday
T | Document MoM | Jyoti Sunkara, Swastik Murawat  | 18<sup>th</sup> January 2020, Saturday
I | Create a dashboard containing energy maps, temperature maps, occupancy data. | -  | - 
I | Energy usage of each lab in KRB as well as entire block must be calculated and analysed. | - | -
I | Alerts sent to the head of the lab about wastage of energy in their repective labs. | - | -
I | BACnet is used to access data from KRB box/unit which gives data about whether the AC is on/off, temperature. All data can be accessed from the single location. | - | -
I | Team must propose innovative ways to work with the data. | - | -
I | Challanges maybe faced in terms of privacy issues where the researchers may not want their room temperature profile to be public. | - | -



## Discussion

The team was briefed on the project description, the features/screens/algorithms to be used, the technology/skills required, the challenges we may need to address and the work required to be done in each of the first sprint.


## Suggested analysis:

Is the right temperature set based on outside temperature? <br>
Maps of temperature and energy.
<br>
Data can be used to save energy.



*Optional*:  Mobile application with remote like controls where the researchers can access  AC controls. Each lab must be password protected.




